---
title: About Me
date: 2016-01-12 15:04:00
categories: Personal
image: /assets/images/blog/road.jpg
thumbnail: /assets/images/blog/road-small.jpg
---
To start, I am not a blogger. I am a teacher.

I was born and raised in a small town about an hour east of Ottawa. I have never been a city-girl and therefore, I never really thought I would enjoy the city of Ottawa. The longer I stay, the more I begin to fall in love.

For starters, my educational career has felt like this never ending road. Something that twists and turns with no end in site. But who am I kidding? In one way or another, I am going to be involved in the educational system until the day I retire and beyond.

I began my post secondary education at St. Lawrence College where I graduated from the Early Childhood Education program. Not long after, I found myself enduring all that Ottawa had to offer for the very first time (beaver tails, skating and riding public transit) while I attended Carleton University to obtain my B.A. in Child Studies. In September of 2015 I found myself beginning the B.Ed program at the University of Ottawa which will eventually lead me to my dream. This is where my teaching story begins.

As far back as I can remember I had the career aspirations of becoming a teacher. Teaching, informing and moulding little minds into the future educated citizens of society has always been one of my passions.

Many people ask why teaching; "Doesn't the job market suck?" "Will you ever find a job?" "Isn't it a two year program now?" Well to me, it is just like anything in life. When you want something, you pursue that thing. To me, teaching is my dream and regardless of the job market, I am in it to win it.
